c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\bin\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.exe.config
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\bin\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\bin\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\bin\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.MainPage.resources
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Resources.resources
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.exe
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.xml
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.pdb
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Loader.resources
c:\users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Login.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Registration.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.EmpDetails.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.CPurchase.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Sales.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.DbBackup.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.TinCost.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.WrkDays.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Stock.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.TinReport.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.TinStock.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.CustomerOrder.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.SalesOut.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.Salary.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.NPurchase.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.SalesOutReport.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.salesReport.resources
C:\Users\bened\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WarehouseManagementSystem\WarehouseManagementSystem\obj\Debug\WarehouseManagementSystem.SalesIn.resources
